Lesson learnt, teachers back in schools
TNN | Sep 15, 2001, 01.27 AM IST
ahmedabad: there was a lot of catching up to do as higher secondary schools reopened on thursday with teachers ending their fortnight-long strike which achieved nothing. the teachers didn't really return to schools as victors and some of them had that sheepish grin which said it all. students said some teachers behaved as if nothing had happened in the last fortnight, and thursday was just another day for students in the city. but post-stir, the students have, indeed, begun to see their teachers in a different light, what with some of them putting up vulgar posters of the education minister on a busy ahmedabad street. "i wanted to ask my teacher if he would scold us if we made some similar cartoons on the black board every day," remarked a tenth standard student of st. xavier's loyola hall. it is still not clear whether the students, who have already lost precious two weeks because of the strike, would be delivered another blow with the curtailment of navratri and diwali holidays. this again, is not going to make the teachers too popular! there was an ominous silence as you enter diwan ballubhai higher secondary school at paldi. where is the buzz of busy classrooms if the teachers have indeed withdrawn their strike, you wonder. a peep into the classrooms proves that normal business is, in fact, back on track. stern-looking teachers are holding fort as the students, in uniforms that look neat, peer into their textbooks. principal dayalbhai patel is also busy reading a book, but this one is a government booklet on the essential services maintenance act. he is wondering how teachers could be brought under its purview. patel confirmed there were hardly any absentees in school, either teachers or students. the day was also an opportune moment for teachers at ankur high school to congratulate their octogenarian director frenny desai who recently received the eklavya excellent educator award for lifetime achievement. present and past teachers gathered in her chamber to wish desai, one of the last remaining gandhians to have participated in the freedom struggle. outside, a sea of white and blue uniforms stroll out after their first day at school since the strike. "at some point during the unexpected vacation, i started missing my classmates, my friends," one of the students said. "not the teachers, just my friends. in that sense it is good to be back. the rest is all the same." st xavier's high school, loyola hall, was one of the few schools where a handful of students of standard xi kept coming to the campus even when the authorities had not asked them to. it was, therefore, not difficult for them to get back on track when the strike was called off. "you can see for yourself," said principal father fernand durai pointing outside his window as groups of students ran around during the recess. "they seem to be happy to be back." he added that except those who had reported sick, most of the teachers and students were back.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Lesson-learnt-teachers-back-in-schools/articleshow/1596744434.cms
