Two of Baba's men arrested
TNN | Oct 3, 2001, 02.22 AM IST
sirhind (fatehgarh sahib): the police, on tuesday, claimed to have arrested two persons for their involvement in setting seven birs of guru granth sahib afire in a gurdwara at tarkhan majra village on the intervening night of saturday and sunday. following the incident, the agitated people had blocked road traffic at various places in the district and burnt effigies of baba piara singh bhaniarewala. giving details, ssp harnek singh saran said in a press conference that the arrested persons had been identified as balvir singh alias biru and rampal singh, both residents of tarkhan majra village where the incident had took place.he further disclosed that both were the followers of bhaniarewala. balvir singh is a vegetable seller while rampal singh is a labourer. during interrogations, the two confessed their involvement in the crime, saying they had done it at the instance of bhaniarewala to take revenge for burning of bhavsagar granth in ludhiana on september 16, the ssp disclosed. saran said that after the ludhiana incident, the two had gone to bhaniarewala's dera where the baba directed them to set the maximum number of birs of guru granth sahib on fire to avenge the burning of bhavsagar granth. the police have also claimed recovery of some objectionable material from the two arrested persons, including audio cassettes and printed books, which include a 28-page booklet bearing the title 'ardaas'. dig (patiala range) sanjiv gupta, on tuesday, visited the gurdwara where the birs were burnt.the police sources disclosed that the two accused were arrested from sadhugarh bus stand by a police party led by two inspectors harpreet singh and kashmira singh. the two were arrested following a tip-off received at the naka at madhopur chowk, the sources said. the sirhind police claimed that they were already in the list of suspected persons and after the incident, they had gone underground. meanwhile, the protests against burning of birs continued on tuesday.the industrial town of mandi gobindgarh observed a complete bandh for the second day and kept all the business establishments closed. after the 'bhog' ceremony of guru granth sahib, large number of people took part in a protest march in the town and after burning the effigy of bhaniarewala at gt road, blocked traffic for around one hour. later, they organised a protest rally in the main bazaar. people from different communities participated in the rally. they demanded registration of case against the culprits under section 302 of the ipc. the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee has started the akhand path of guru granth sahib in the gurdwara where the birs were burnt. bhog ceremony would be performed on october 4. on the other hand, the sarab hind shiromani akali dal has announced to start the akhand path at the same place from october 5 and the bhog ceremony and ardas would be held on october 7.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/Two-of-Babas-men-arrested/articleshow/870605280.cms
