No let-up in doctors' strike
THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 25, 2001, 11.25 PM IST
bangalore: services in government hospitals in the city and across the state continued to be paralysed for the third day on wednesday as a result of the strike call given by the karnataka state junior doctors' association (ksjda). overcrowded outpatient departments (opds) were the order of the day at victoria, bowring and vani vilas hospitals with medical officers posted to tide over the crisis being outnumbered by the large number of patients seeking treatment. the crisis seems to have been aggravated by the large number of rural patients turning up in bangalore for medical care. this follows the government's decision to post medical officers from rural public health centres to man posts in the three major city hospitals. it was indeed a sad state of affairs for the sick as they had to wait for hours before a doctor could see them. functioning of most departments were also affected. all elective surgeries have been postponed by the authorities in the hospitals in a bid to overcome the problem. fresh admissions in all the hospitals have been stopped barring emergency cases which the hospitals are making a herculean effort to deal with. in fact, on wednesday morning attendants of a boy who met with an accident had to wait for over 25 minutes at victoria hospital before he got attention. elsewhere, the hospitals wore a deserted look. the medical, post-operative and gynaecological wards were mostly bereft of patients as no surgeries were lined up. other than labour emergencies, no other gynaecological cases were taken up. the striking doctors also held inconclusive talks with vice-chancellor of the rajiv gandhi university of health sciences, dr chandrasekhar shetty. according to a release from the ksjda, the talks remained deadlocked over issues such as the implementation of the mci regulations of 2000. ``he told us that the same set of examiners for theory and practicals was not possible because of the inability of the university to find suitable examiners to carry out both functions,'' dr h.g. vijaykumar, president of ksjda, said. meanwhile, the striking junior doctors received support from undergraduate students in bangalore and other towns such as kolar and tumkur who boycotted classes. the doctors took out a rally in victoria hospital.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/No-let-up-in-doctors-strike/articleshow/1609318351.cms
