Burnt birs taken to Goindwal sahib
TNN | Oct 2, 2001, 12.32 AM IST
patiala: seven birs of guru granth sahib which were set afire by some miscreants at tarkhan majra village near sirhind, on sunday, were taken to goindwal sahib for immersion in river bias, in a religious procession of 200 people led by 'panj piaras' from gurdwara fatehgarh sahib, on monday. the residents of mandi gobindgarh, sirhind and bassi pathana observed complete bandh on monday to protest the tarkhan majra incident. around 1,000 students participated in a march organised by the all-india sikh students federation, which passed through the markets of fatehgarh sahib and sirhind. later, the protesters burnt the effigy of piara singh bhaniara on gt road, near tarkhan majra village.they also blocked the traffic there. the people of sadugarh area also blocked traffic on gt road, near sadugarh bus stand. besides, the protesters at rurki kalan village burnt the effigy of bhanearewala and blocked traffic on the patiala-sirhind road. the sirhind police have reportedly rounded up around 40 suspects. nihang organisation budha dal led by baba santa singh has expressed shock over the incident and demanded registration of case under section 302 of the ipc.the baba has asked his nihang followers to guard the gurdwaras from miscreants. on the other hand, akal takht jathedar bhai manjit singh, while addressing the people sitting on dharna at tarkhan majra village, on sunday, said the sikhs were also responsible for these types of incidents as they were not properly guarding their religious places. he asked the entire sikh community to identify those political forces which wanted to use their emotions for their political motives. he said that the panthic government in the state, if it had good intentions, should arrest the persons responsible without any delay and not allow the miscreants to further dishonour the guru granth sahib and other religious books. bhai manjit singh said to honour the symbols of other religions was the prime duty of the sikhs, but he made it clear that the book written by bhanearewala was not a religious granth as it contained defamatory material in it. meanwhile, the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee has decided to organise a bhog of guru granth sahib at tarkhan majra village from tuesday and ardass would be performed on thursday.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/Burnt-birs-taken-to-Goindwal-sahib/articleshow/1630031018.cms
