Court seeks proof of SIMI activities
TNN | Oct 3, 2001, 11.19 PM IST
new delhi: a city court on wednesday directed the police to produce audio and video recordings of the activities of a banned outfit simi, in support of its allegations that the outfit has been involved in unlawful activities. metropolitan magistrate vinod kumar passed this order during the hearing of the bail pleas of three simi activists. the police opposed bail saying they had audio and video cassettes to show that ban was justified. the magistrate also reserved for thursday his order on the bail plea of municipal councillor from okhla, asif mohammad khan, who was arrested on charges of causing communal discord by printing and circulating posters proclaiming a war between christianity and islam. the magistrate adjourned till friday the further hearing of the bail plea of simi activists, saif nachan, mohammad khalid and irfan khan, who were arrested last week along with their national president shahid badr, on charges of raising provocative slogans in protest against the ban on the organisation. simi's lawyer feroz khan gazi argued that while imposing the ban, the government did not follow proper procedure as laid down in sections 3 and 10 of the unlawful activities (prevention) act, 1967. gazi said before the government went ahead with the ban, it should have first given notice to the party concerned and notify the act. then, a tribunal has to be formed, which government did not, he argued. as far as the party magazine islamic movement is concerned, the magazine was not banned by the government, so any article written in the magazine could not become the basis of a ban on the party, gazi told the court. but the prosecution contended that it has enough proof to show that simi has been engaged in unlawful activities, which includes several audio and video cassettes. the magistrate asked the police to produce these cassettes on friday. taking exception to an article published in a pamphlet, the magistrate said: ''the police file contains a magazine islamic movement.the article ''taliban, bamiyan and buddha'' is enough to show that it has been published with the sole aim to hurt the feelings of and cause ill-will to the followers of lord buddha.''
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Court-seeks-proof-of-SIMI-activities/articleshow/1177671188.cms
