Vital installations put under security cover
Aug 12, 2001, 10.30 PM IST
new delhi: vital installations here were put under security cover and vehicles were being searched at random ahead of the independence day amid apprehensions of more militant strikes, hightened by a bomb blast in the posh south delhi market area late on saturday night. the bomb blast on the ring road in posh south extension-ii despite high alert sounded in the capital and border districts of uttar pradesh and haryana forced the delhi police to intensify searches of vehicles throughout the capital and virtually lay siege of vital installations. intelligence reports have warned of strikes, including suicide attacks by militants outfits, hizbul mujahideen, lashker-e-taiba, al-badr, hizb-ul-jehad-e-islami and muslim fundamentalist groups owing allegiance to international terrorist mastermind osama bin laden. according to these reports, prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, union home minister l.k. advani and 'another' cabinet colleague are the potential targets of these militant outfits, who have also prepared women's suicide squad. one intelligence input has even indicated involvement of women terrorists in suicide squads that may strike around the independence day being conducted in a "high threat security scenario", special commissioner of police (security) r.s. gupta said. "intelligence reports have indicated that after the agra summit, renewed directions have been given to pakistan-sponsored terrorists to indulge in acts of violence in india, particularly close to the independence day," gupta said, adding "one of the focussed targets" of terrorists is delhi. the historic red fort, where the prime minister will unfurl the national flag and address the nation, has been sealed more than a week ahead of the independence day and its vicinity placed under watch and control for a few weeks. gupta said that the alert, sounded three days back, would continue even beyond independence day. security and vigil have particularly been stepped up at railway stations, bus terminals, and other crowded places besides vital installations. nsg commandos have been positioned at strategic points at the airport. he said that considering the threat perception this time, about 7,000 personnel from central paramilitary forces had been drawn in addition to the requirement for such events. these will supplement the delhi police strength of about 55,000 personnel. "strong air defence measures have been initiated with the help of defence authorities, including restrictions on flights in the neighbourhood of delhi and positioning of air defence guns at appropriate places to prevent entry of any unauthorised flying objects, including micro-light aircraft and gliders," gupta said. he further said that movement of trains would also be restricted. an exercise to check new tenants and owners of flats or buildings in the vicinity of the function had been going on for quite some time now, he said.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Vital-installations-put-under-security-cover/articleshow/1312659211.cms
