Drought-hit Kolar suffers rain damage worth Rs 50 lakh
TNN | Sep 19, 2001, 12.12 AM IST
kolar: heavy rain lashed the drought-hit kolar district during the last couple of days giving the much-needed relief to both the farmers and also the officials. kolar taluk recorded the highest rainfall of the season on friday night (81 mm). while gowribidanur received 71.6 mm, sidlagatta received 68 mm, gudibanda - 54 mm, bangarpet - 31 mm, chikkaballapur - 58 mm, chintamani - 55 mm, mulbagal - 41 mm, srinivaspur - 75 mm, bagepalli - 32 mm, and malur - 56 mm. the rain also caused damage to property in the district. last week, seven houses in rahamathnagar in kolar town collapsed. however, there were no casualties. the residents of rahamathnagar who saw water from the nearby feeder channel flowing into their houses immediately sounded an alarm at around 2 am. the municipal councillor k.n. thyagaraju, called up fire services station and also informed the municipal commissioner sarfarz khan. the fire personnel swung into action and averted possible damage. the municipal commissioner put the total damage due to rain at rs 50 lakh. meanwhile k. srinivasa gowda, mla kolar visited the affected places and instructed the authorities to take suitable steps to prevent any further loss. he also directed the officials to explore the possibility of providing houses under ashraya scheme to those affected. bjp sets up cattle shed: the district unit of bjp in kolar district has started a `goshala' (cattle shed) near muduvadi village here, in order to assist the farmers of the drought-hit district. the shed is located on the farms belonging to v. jayaram, vice-president of district unit of bjp. y. surendra gowda, president of the unit said the state government had failed to take steps to provide relief to the drought affected farmers. he urged the government to provide fodder needed for running the goshala. he however said if the government failed to do so, the party would arrange for the fodder too. he urged the farmers of the district who are unable to feed their cattle to rush their cattle to the goshala. over 12 pairs of cattle have already been provided shelter in the goshala, he said. dss protest: hundreds of dalit sangarsha samithi (dss) workers staged an agitation on friday by dressing the effigy of the chief minister with a pant. the agitators were protesting against the nude parade of a dalit woman in venanur in bellary district. earlier, a huge procession was taken out to mark the occasion. the march which began from nachikethanilaya culminated at the office of the deputy commissioner. m. thimmaiah, convenor of dss alleged the government has failed to check the atrocities on dalits. chikkanarasimhaiah, head quarters assistant to deputy commissioner received the memorandum. new sports clubs: the bjp yuva morcha will soon start `"kamal clubs' in all the taluks of the state in order to inspire youth to develop sporting spirit, said raghunatha rao mallikapur, president of state bjp yuva morcha. addressing a press conference here at kolar on friday, mallikapur said that the youth have to be guided in a proper way and should be encouraged to cultivate constructive attitude and in this direction the proposed clubs would go a long way. stating that bjp yuva morcha was committed to the interests of the youth, he said the unit would work for the betterment of the youth by eliminating mallikapur announced of a national level mega conference of over one lakh youth to be held in agra on october 13 and 14. bjp stages protest: hundreds of bjp workers on tuesday staged a protest march in kolar in response to the terror attack on world trade center in new york allegedly by osama bin laden. the procession culminated at the mecci square where an effigy of osama bin laden was burnt. y. surendra gowda, president of bjp district unit criticised the attack on wtc and underlined the importance of concrete steps to put an end to the menace of ultras who are playing with the lives of innocent people. k.v. suresh kumar, convenor of state auto morcha, said ultras should be dealt with an iron hand.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Drought-hit-Kolar-suffers-rain-damage-worth-Rs-50-lakh/articleshow/778998618.cms
