1st anniversary of anti-power hike rally
TNN | Aug 29, 2001, 12.35 AM IST
hyderabad: processions, rallies and condolence meetings by the congress and the left parties marked the first anniversary of the protest rally against power tariff hike in which three people lost their lives on this day last year in the city. the three-month long agitation culminated in a bloody scene at bashirbagh on august 28 last year when a major clash between the rallyists and the police resulted in police firing in which three were killed and many were injured. the opposition parties had organised a 'chalo assembly' procession which suddenly turned violent. the police beat up the crowd first but resorted to firing when they were unable to control the mob. the leaders and activists of the congress and the left parties paid floral tributes to balaswamy, ramakrishna and vishnuvardhan reddy who died in the police firing. the congress leaders held a meeting at the babu jagjivan ram statue near l b stadium while the left parties organised a silent march from basheerbagh to gun foundry to mark the occasion. addressing the congress leaders and activists, andhra pradesh congress committee (apcc) president m satyanarayana rao said the sacrifices made by the three youth did not go waste. people had expressed solidarity with them in the form of ballot in the recent elections to the local bodies. "chief minister n chandrababu naidu should respect the people's mandate and change his policies," he said. he said this was not just an opposition demand. even naidu's own legislators were seeking the changes, he added. senior congress leaders k rosaiah, g venkataswamy, p sudhakar reddy and others participated in the meeting. leaders of the nine left parties -- including the cpi, cpm, cpi (ml-nd), mcpi and cpi (mljanasakhti) -- reiterated that they would continue their struggle against the world bank-dictated anti-people reforms being pursued by the naidu government in the state. they demanded that the government immediately withdraw the cases filed against 22 left leaders as well as scores of activists during the agitation.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/1st-anniversary-of-anti-power-hike-rally/articleshow/727307023.cms
