Occupancy rate falls as patients leave AIIMS
TNN | Aug 28, 2001, 02.11 AM IST
new delhi: with the karamcharis of aiims also announcing a strike on monday, services in the hospital came to a grinding halt. patients who were not serious chose to be discharged. and the occupancy rate fell from 90 per cent to about 40 per cent. rakesh singh had been hoping against hope for all these days. having been admitted to the surgery ward last wednesday, singh's stomach operation was scheduled for monday. but after the karamcharis too went on strike bringing all services to a grinding halt, singh gave up. he approached the ward sister-in-charge, requested for a discharge and left against medical advice. before leaving he said: "i have been very unlucky. the day i was admitted the doctors went on strike. but all these days i was hoping that the strike would be called off and the surgery conducted." he said: "after two months i was given a date for admission and surgery. but now that even the karamcharis have gone on strike. i just cannot continue to be in the wards. there is no one to bring food for the patients." singh is among the hundreds of others who fled the hospital. after 4 pm on monday only 723 patients remained in the entire hospital whereas the bed capacity is over 1,600. the worst affected appeared to the rajendra prasad centre for ophthalmic sciences which was left with only 50 patients as against a bed strength of about 300. similarly, the institute rotary cancer hospital with a capacity of 70 beds had only 17 patients at the end of the day. "there was no one to clean the wards. since saturday all the filth has been lying on the corridors. even the toilets have not been cleaned for more than two days. who can still remain admitted here?" asked sunita rani whose sister had been admitted to the ent ward. sunita said: "the nurses are the only ones coming in the wards. even the senior doctors did not come for the rounds. we did not know what the next line of treatment would be." she said she would wait for a couple of days before seeking treatment elsewhere. seeing a large number of patients being discharged a large number of autorickshaw drivers parked their vehicles right outside the gate. gyan deep with a plastic bucket full of belongings which he had with him when he admitted to the surgery ward, said: "i preferred going home on monday as there is a transport strike on tuesday and i may have a big problem moving out." gyan deep, too, was waiting to be operated in the gastro-intestinal region. "doctors had been suspecting an internal bleeding as i get anaemic every now and then. so i was to be operated upon to fix the problem. now i will come back only when i am sure that the strike has lifted," he said.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Occupancy-rate-falls-as-patients-leave-AIIMS/articleshow/381506976.cms
