Action against flooding urged
TNN | Sep 20, 2001, 11.12 PM IST
kolar: the vivekananda youth association and the asra committee of kolar have sought from the district administration permanent measures to prevent flow of rain and drain waters into the houses situated in rahamathnagar, prashanth nagar, shanthinagar and other areas which are at the receiving end during every monsoon. in a statement issued on tuesday, the members of the association sought that the feeder channel from antharagange to kolaramma tank be desilted as one of the measures to check the flow of water into the houses in low-lying areas. they alleged the minor irrigation authorities had not taken the matter seriously. the members of the asra committee and the vivekananda youth association have demanded that the civic authorities take up steps to free the feeder canal bund from unauthorised encroachments. birthday celebrations: the members of the vishnu fans' association celebrated the birthday of cine actor vishnuvardhan by organising a blood donation camp at snr hospital here on tuesday. inaugurating the camp, dr t.h. rangappa, district surgeon hailed the efforts of the organisers. he urged the youth to actively take part in such camps. h.k. raghavendra, a.n. prakash, vijayashankar, president of vishnu sene were present on the occasion. fruits and sweets were distributed among the in-patients of the hospital. sports for better health: sports plays vital role in the alround development of a person, said b.b. ningaiah, former minister. he was speaking after inaugurating the district level floodlight volley ball tournament for high schools held at bethamangala on tuesday. he further said, there is plenty of hidden talent in the country especially in the rural parts and efforts are needed to bring them to light. s. chandrashekar, president of the kolar district journalists association, who was the chief guest said given proper training, our sportsmen can excel at the international arena. k.b. gopalakrishna, former senate member of bangalore university said, participation in sports events keeps the body and mind in good health. a.m. lakshminarayana, secretary of the rural education trust, bethamangala, m. mallesh, editor of kolar shakthi also spoke on the occasion. bjp stage protest: hundreds of bjp workers staged a protest march in kolar on wednesday in protest against the terror attack on world trade center in new york allegedly by osama bin laden. the procession culminated at the mecci square where an effigy of osama bin laden was burnt. y. surendra gowda, president of bjp district unit criticised the attack. k.v. suresh kumar, convenor of state auto morcha said ultras should be dealt with an iron hand.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Action-against-flooding-urged/articleshow/867684327.cms
