CPI(M) stages protest rally in Bhavnagar
Sep 29, 2001, 09.56 PM IST
bhavnagar: the bhavnagar unit of communist party of india cpi(m) on friday staged a demonstration opposite the local post office here to protest against the liberalised policy of the central government, rising prices of essential commodities, curbs on recruitment in jobs and indiscriminate imports that had affected the small-scale industries and farmers. however, when the rallyists tried to enter the post office, the police arrested them. according to a cpi(m) release, the police arrested 4,763 workers of the party for trying to storm the post office. the rally was led by the party's state secretary, subodh mehta. a large number of students, workers, farmers and women participated in the procession. kheda dsp headquarters shifted to nadiad nadiad: the state government has decided to shift the district superintendent of police headquarters (kheda district) from kheda to nadiad. minister of state for home haren pandya has given an assurance to this effect. following bifurcation of kheda district into kheda and anand, most of the offices in kheda district had shifted from kheda to nadiad. however, the dsp headquarters continued to function from kheda, which used to put people in great inconvenience. rajkot admn gears up to meet any war-like situation
rajkot: the district administration has geared itself to meet any war-like situation in view of the recent terrorist attacks in the us.
district collector p n patel held a meeting to chalk out a plan to provide maximum protection to communication links, water supply, highways power and water supply schemes, besides taking measures to maintain essential supplies in case of any crisis.
junagadh: the president of the junagadh unit of shiv sena, shankersinh thakur, in a memorandum submitted to district collector sunayna tomar demanded immediate action against mushrooming of tuition classes in the city, whose organisers are allegedly associated with government colleges and schools.
thakur said these tuition classes charge exorbitant fees, which are beyond the reach of common students. this also affects overall standard of education, he added.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/CPIM-stages-protest-rally-in-Bhavnagar/articleshow/311996326.cms
