Nurses on warpath; college teachers may join soon
TNN | Sep 8, 2001, 11.35 PM IST
ahmedabad: even as the gujarat government imposed the essential services maintenance act (esma) on the striking schoolteachers in the state, a number of other unions have threatened to come out on to the streets. the federation of college and university teachers' associations of gujarat state, the gujarat rajya adhyapak mahamandal and the non-teaching staff of the various universities have said that they will join the schoolteachers' agitation if esma is not revoked. the gujarat nurses union (gnu) on the other had has threatened a separate agitation of its own for better wages and other perks. "the government realised overnight that teaching is an essential service," the teacher federation's co-ordination committee chairman professor ks shastri told tnn. "all these years we have been treated shabbily with the government not even kept its word on promises made earlier. this government had made a lot of promises in 1998 but did not implement them, so they are the culprits, not the teachers. they have to revoke esma as soon as possible or we will have no choice but to join the schoolteachers." some 500 teachers from across the state had met at ahmedabad two days ago to discuss problems of part-time teachers and directors of physical education who are demanding that they be included in the pension scheme as well, apart from the provident fund scheme. if their demands are not met by the end of this month, they will start another agitation from october 1. as if this was not enough the administrative staff of all universities in the state will go on a one-day mass casual leave on september 10 for their long pending demand for a conveyance allowance. they will also take out a rally from pathik ashram in gandhinagar. "it is about time all the various bodies in the state's education scene rose in one voice against the promises that this government has not kept," one of their leaders and gujarat university official arvind shah said. gnu president narendra modi, on the other hand, said they had given the state government time till september 16 to work out better wages and allowances for the nursing community. about 10,000 nurses in government-run hospitals throughout the state have been demanding salaries equivalent to their central government counterparts and hike in other allowances as well. modi says the government already knows they are planning an agitation as they had informed the officials on august 21. from september 1, the nurses will start wearing black badges as a mark of protest and build up to further action if their demands are not met. "so far the state government has not shown any inclination to negotiate with us," modi added. "if nothing concrete shows up, then we plan to work without white uniform from september 10 to 16, when the decision to intensify the stir would be taken by the gnu's executive council." the state government may in fact have bit more than it can chew as esma has not scared the school teachers away. if other unions also come out on the street, it may create a major embarrassment for the keshubhai government.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Nurses-on-warpath-college-teachers-may-join-soon/articleshow/1428508939.cms
