STATESCAN
TNN & Agencies | Sep 1, 2001, 11.57 PM IST
bjp leader's house attacked sonepat: five armed youths attacked the house of local bjp leader here, injuring two members of his family, police said, on saturday.the assailants, which included one mahesh kumar, a close relative of district bjp president om prakash atrey, attacked the house of haripal sharma in old housing board colony here, on friday and fired at his son and nephew before escaping, they said. the injured youths, yash priya (22) and toni (21) were rushed to the local civil hospital, where they are stated to be out of danger, they added. intrusion foiled, one pak national killed ferozepur: vigilant border security force (bsf) jawans foiled an intrusion bid by pakistani nationals, near border out post (bop) gatti rao, under jalalabad sector, on friday, killing one of them on the spot. according to bsf sources, two pakistani nationals were spotted by the bsf patrolling party near the gatti rao check post while they were trying to sneak into the indian territory.they ignored the bsf warning, fired at the patrolling party and tried to get back to the pakistani side. one of them was shot dead, while the other one succeeded in crossing over to pakistan. 7.75 kg opium recovered from 2 armymen the district police claimed to have recovered 7.75 kg of opium from two armymen, here, on friday. ssp harchand singh sidhu said that following a tip-off that some armymen were smuggling opium and selling it in the cantonment area, a police party led by dsp (detective) hardev singh kular laid a trap near the army recruitment centre and arrested two persons. opium weighing 7.75 kg was recovered from them.the two have been identified as nayak hari ram, a resident of jodhpur district of rajasthan, and parshotam singh, a resident of gurdaspur district.both were attached with 286 medium regiment. a case under the ndps act has been registered at the cantonment police station.the accused confessed during interrogation that they had been smuggling opium from rajasthan and supplying it in the cantonment area.the ssp said that since both the accused were from the army, their contacts with 'other agencies' cannot be ruled out. panthic morcha to hold protest on sept 10 the panthic morcha will organise a series of public rallies in the state against the ''anti-people policies'' of the ruling badal government, said mla and former punjab minister inderjit singh zira, here, on saturday. he said the panthic morcha would hold a massive protest rally outside the deputy commissioner's office, at ferozepur, on september 10, in which baba sarbjot singh bedi, g s tohra, simranjit singh mann, jathedar ranjit singh, ravi inder singh, jasbir singh rode and other senior leaders of the morcha would participate.addressing mediapersons, he said that people had lost faith in the government machinery. five booked for damaging mosque rohtak: the meham police of the district booked five persons, on saturday, on the charge of causing damage to a mosque, police sources here, said.the accused allegedly dismantled a dilapidated mosque, located in ward no 9, at meham town, about 30 km from here, and started constructing a temple on the site.the police, on the basis of a complaint lodged by a punjab wakf board official, registered a case under section 147, 148, 285 and 447 of the indian penal code against prem yadav, purushotam yadav, vijay, sanjay and anil. however, there was no report of any arrest in this connection. father kills children, himself driven by abject poverty, a man, in an inebriated condition, killed his two children and then committed suicide in madina village, about 15 km from here, on friday night, the police said on saturday. brijender singh, a dalit, brutally stabbed his two children - poonam (6) and shiv kumar (four) - to death with sharp-edged weapons and later committed suicide by consuming poison, police said. brijender was working as a labourer. sushma swaraj to lay foundation stone ambala: union information and broadcasting minister, sushma swaraj will lay the foundation stone for a low frequency transmitter for dd-2 channel at the industrial area, ambala cantonment, on monday. chief minister, om prakash chautala will also be present on the occasion. viewers of dd-2, residing in and around ambala, within a radius of 35 km, will be benefited by the installation of the transmitter. 28-year-old man commits suicide vinod kumar, a 28-year-old resident of jansui, attempted to commit suicide by consuming poison, on friday. his relatives admitted him to the mission hospital, in a critical state, where he died on saturday morning. the body was handed over to his family after an autopsy was conducted later on saturday.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/STATESCAN/articleshow/708599418.cms
