Police arrest teachers for burning ESMA notification
TNN | Sep 10, 2001, 11.28 PM IST
surat: the city police arrested several hundreds of teachers from the city and the nearby areas in the district on monday afternoon on charges of creating disturbances and resorting to some unlawful activities including burning of the official notification invoking essential services maintenance act (esma) on the striking teachers.
according to police sources, the teachers were kept at police parade ground in athwalines for a few hours and later, they were released with a warning not to resort to any such activities that would deteriorate law and order situation in the city.
meanwhile, a meeting was convened by the district collector and the district education officer, p n dave, on monday evening to take stock of the situation, and also how to contain any untoward incident. dave told tnn that stringent actions could not be initiated against the striking teachers, as the government would like to be lenient in this matter.
he informed that four more schools resumed their teaching activities on monday. in all, out of 252 schools on strike, 24 were reported to be open on monday, according to sources in district education office. more schools were likely to open in the next couple of days, dave said.
sources in the school teachers' associations said a big rally would be taken out on tuesday if the government fails to reconsider the whole matter. police sources said keeping in view of the proposed rally on tuesday, all required bandobast was being chalked out to prevent any untoward incident from taking place. some of the school managements this correspondent contacted expressed their inability to put an end to the present crisis. sources in st xavier's school said the management was with the striking teachers, whereas the trustees of v d wadiwala school at adajan tried to convince the striking teachers about the issue, but to no avail. in sanskar bharati school at new rander road, with the principal being on strike, no efforts on the part of the school management were taken to arrive at any conclusion in this regard.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Police-arrest-teachers-for-burning-ESMA-notification/articleshow/2020028184.cms
