Schools strike a success in Surat even after ESMA
TNN | Sep 8, 2001, 11.34 PM IST
surat: teachers in over 230 schools, out of 262 grant-in-aid schools in the district, remained away from their respective schools on saturday, despite the government invoking the essential services maintenance act against striking teachers. though parents and students have been asking the several school authorities for holding classes, the school management have been telling them that they would not be able to do much in this regard. it is a tussle between the government and the teachers, and the school management stand nowhere in this matter, according to ramesh oza, the secretary of sarvajnik education society, which runs several schools in the city. oza added none of the parents have approached the society with any representations, although they have been expressing their concern about the state of affairs. he further said that certain remarks made against the school managements in general were not in good taste. however, he refused to elaborate further. most of the schools here on saturday wore a deserted look. no teachers or other non-teaching staff were found in the experimental school near parle point. when inquired from the locals there, it was learnt that no teachers of secondary classes had reported for duty on saturday. however, this could not be confirmed. even the premier st xavier's school at ghod dod road did not have any teaching activities on saturday. the school officials, however, could not be contacted despite several attempts. but, a lady teacher at lourdes convent school near indoor stadium, on condition of anonymity, said that there was growing frustration among the students and no effort was made by the school management to resume teaching in the school. several other schools at athwalines, piplod, adjan and randert in the city, which this correspondent visited, also wore a deserted look, and on inquiry it was found that most of them were closed as saturday being a holiday. the district education officer, p n dave, told tnn that several schools' management have informed that they would resume teaching from monday onwards. on saturday, 24 out of the 254 schools on strike were reported to be open, dave informed. things would be more clear in a couple of days and certainly, many schools will be open by monday, dave added.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Schools-strike-a-success-in-Surat-even-after-ESMA/articleshow/1518048585.cms
