Chikka Vidhana Soudha plan deals a big blow to heritage
| THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 11, 2001, 12.42 AM IST
bangalore: the sm krishna government is planning to construct a building adjoining vidhana soudha in order to accommodate all ministers and their staff. this is estimated to cost rs 130 crore. ``with the national policy stressing on downsizing government and with added emphasis on decentralisation, dispersal and e-governance, this move comes as a surprise,'' says one concerned architect. not only that, building a `chikka' vidhana soudha would mean having to demolish several structures, including an old government press which has arches that date back to more than 150 years. these arches are protected by the protection of national monuments act. in fact it for this very reason that the 25-year-old bangalore urban art commission was dissolved by the chief minister in march end this year. its members lodged a strong protest against the move to construct another vidhana soudha and in turn the commission was scrapped. it is believed that the proposed mini soudha will replicate the old one in form and style and will occupy an area of 10 acres. about 60 trees will have to be chopped down. ``traffic both vehicular and pedestrian is another issue that needs to be addressed,'' says an environmentalist. some time ago, timely action by vigilant citizens helped abort a government plan to turn a portion of cubbon park into a rest house for legislators. city architects and other concerned citizens point out that the state government should explore other options like optimal use of the huge vidhana soudha and ms buildings before it goes in for such a drastic and expensive option. the bangalore urban art commission (buac) which prides itself on being an apolitical body, has received its share of bouquets and brickbats over the years. it protested when charles correa came up with a plan to make a multi-storeyed building which is today known as vishveshwaraya towers. the buac had instituted best maintained buildings and garden awards which were presented each year. private homes, hotels, hospitals, police stations were eligible to participate and were in fact encouraged to take part every year. not one to be disheartened, honorary chairman of the buac, ma parthasarathy is determined to continue his movement for sustainable and environment-friendly urban development and plans to set up an ngo by october this year.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Chikka-Vidhana-Soudha-plan-deals-a-big-blow-to-heritage/articleshow/149050772.cms
