Old Hubli tense after clashes
HUBLI: The Old Hubli area in the twin cities has turned into a sensitive pocket, following recent clashes. <P>
TNN | Aug 13, 2001, 11.20 PM IST
hubli: the old hubli area in the twin cities has turned into a sensitive pocket, following recent clashes. if the first major clash was over property, leading to lathi-charge, firing, arson and looting, the other two incidents were over "trivial" matters. what is giving the police sleepless nights here is the attempt by vested interests to give a communal colour even to a roadside argument. this was proved right when mohammed sadiq of islampur in hubli, an employee of kptcl, appeared before the police on monday. sadiq, with head injuries, is said to be one of the victims of friday night's clash in durgad bail area leading to tense hours in the twin cities. he has lodged a complaint against the other group in which former bjp corporator nandagopal sapare is also a party.
police sources told the times of india , it was sadiq who was first attacked by the rival group over smoking a cigarette.
in fact, sources added, sadiq did not want to lodge a complaint but was forced to following the rival group creating a wrong impression that sapare was the "victim". it is believed an ego clash had snowballed into a controversy, with bjp and bajrang dal activists joining the fray.
it may be recalled that sapare along with friends were dining in a hotel late night, when sapare objected to sadiq lighting a cigarette. this led to heated argument between the two.
sadiq and his followers were caught unawares the next day, when supporters of sapare staged a protest in front of the police commissioner's office demanding action against the "culprits".
the state convenor of bajrang dal mutalik, and bjp corporators led the protest. on monday, the muslim community leaders met police officers and demanded action against "troublemongers" for the friday night incident.
it may be remembered that after the major clash over the hotel some time ago, ne more incident was reported in kamripeth area. this was also a fight between two armed and inebriated groups, which later turned into a communal clash.
the police commissioner y.r. patil has already written to the government about the "sensitive nature" of the area. when contacted, patil asserted, the police department was all prepared to tackle any situation. he added that there was no need for extra reinforcements at the moment.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Old-Hubli-tense-after-clashes/articleshow/2101185426.cms
