5,000 teachers march to Surat collectorate
TNN | Sep 12, 2001, 12.56 AM IST
surat: over five thousand school teachers took out a rally from makaipul to the district collectorate at nanpura on tuesday afternoon to protest against the government notification invoking essential services maintenance act (esma) on the striking teachers in the state. according to police officials, no untoward incident took place and the rally went off peacefully. the police had made heavy security arrangement to prevent any unlawful activities by the rallyists. sources in the teachers' association told tnn they would stick to only peaceful means unless the situation demanded otherwise. collector sangeeta singh said of the 262 grant-in-aid schools on strike in the district, 81 were reported to have resumed teaching activities on tuesday. the focus now was to persuade the teachers to refrain from the strike as that would affect studies, particularly in classes x and xii, she said. however, as part of alternative arrangements the district administration has prepared a list of b ed students of the district, unemployed youth with teaching qualification registered with the local employment exchange and all retired teachers. singh informed that power has been delegated to additional, deputy and deputy development officers to appoint teachers for those schools where the teachers were on strike. they would be appointed as visiting teachers and would be paid rs 200 for taking four sessions a day. citing these arrangements as stop-gap measures, singh told tnn that a fresh appeal was being made to striking teachers to call off the strike in the interest of the students. actions were also being initiated against striking teachers who were not permanent through various administrative measures, she said. the alternative arrangement for teaching were being taken in schools where the managements had offered their co-operation to the authorities, singh informed.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/5000-teachers-march-to-Surat-collectorate/articleshow/1756751262.cms
