Communal tension grips Dabhoi town
TNN | Sep 23, 2001, 11.58 PM IST
vadodara: tension gripped dabhoi town near here after groups belonging to different communities clashed on sunday afternoon over an apparently petty issue. consequently, 11 shops were ransacked by the mobs. tension prevailed in the area after a girl washing clothes at a public place was allegedly manhandled by a woman belonging to a different community. a bitter quarrel that followed took a "communal turn" and mobs belonging to different communities went on a spree ransacking and charring shops in the area. "eleven shops in the town were ransacked and attempts were made to burn down some of them. the shops belong to both the communities," said district collector and magistrate bhagyesh jha. jha informed that following the incident, various types of rumours were doing rounds in the area about the possible reasons for the vandalisation. "the mamlatdar and deputy superintendent of police at dabhoi have been asked to keep a check on any possibilities of a misinformation campaign in the area," he said. according to officials, a group of about 50 policemen were rushed to the spot to control the situation. district superintendent of police keshav kumar is also camping in dabhoi. sources said that arrangements for more forces in the area were being made. special inspector general of police (vadodara range) deepak swaroop said that the police was keeping a vigil in the area to prevent any further deterioration of the situation there. "the flare-up was limited to a particular locality and did not spill over to other parts of the city," swaroop said. he added that the situation in the town was under control. "there is peace in the town. however, we have to take extra care to prevent any deterioration of the situation," he said. swaroop said that the police have so far successfully managed to prevent any anti-social elements from taking advantage of the situation. "there was a possibility of such elements using the incident to their advantage, but this has not happened," he said. no arrests were made by the dabhoi police till this report went to print.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Communal-tension-grips-Dabhoi-town/articleshow/641970013.cms
