School board that can't count
| TNN | Sep 13, 2001, 11.06 PM IST
pathankot: the september tests of the punjab education board, which started on wednesday, are not going as planned. the board had decided to take the inhouse examinations of certain government schools into their own hands. maybe they felt that the schools would not be able to see the exams through. interestingly, they too have not done a great job. reports say, the school teachers had collected "paper money", worth crores, from the students. now that exams are underway, the question papers arriving at exam centres are less than required. talking to the times of india gurdaspur teachers' union general secretary subhash sharma, said, on thursday, that the board had collected "crores of rupees" from students for the supply of question papers. ''they have bungled everything up,'' he adds. "there are never enough question papers. both the students and the invigilators suffer,'' alleges sharma. the teachers, then have to write down the question paper on the blackboard, and answer students' questions, each time a doubt arises, he adds. president of the dhar kalan block teachers' union prem sagar, said that in most cases, photocopies of the question paper has to be handed out to the students. sagar charged the district education office (s), of having forcibly collected money from students of 107 government middle schools. he adds that only four question papers, of a particular paper, were sent for class iv, three for class vii, and only six for class viii. he said things were no different at the schools of upparla thara, bhatwan, bhamlada, hara, narayanpur jandwal and dukhniali. sharma says, ''though the number of students in class x in government school dhar kalan is 56, mathematics question papers have yet to reach the deo office. the exam is slated for september 18.'' the gurdaspur teachers' union criticised the board for not supplying a, b, c, d, (four sets of question papers), as was planned, alleging only a and b sets arrive. water supply hit supply of drinking water has been hit in the city, due the strike of the pathankot municipal council employees on thursday. the mc employees are protesting the government's move to abolish octroi.the employees, who held a rally here, urged the government not to go ahead with the decision.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/School-board-that-cant-count/articleshow/356631692.cms
