Kudremukh gets nod to go ahead with mining
THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 24, 2001, 10.48 PM IST
mangalore\bangalore: the centre has granted kudremukh iron ore company limited (kiocl) a three-month temporary work permit to continue mining operations from wednesday. the letter was received by the kiocl bangalore office on tuesday. according to a senior official at the bangalore office, the order has also been sent by the centre to the state government and the same is being processed by forest minister k.h. ranganath and the department of mines and geology. the official expected the permit to come at any moment. the order states: ``the work permit has been extended for three months, pending the supreme court decision.'' a public interest litigation has been filed in the apex court by environmentalists against extending mining lease to the company. (kiocl) chairman and managing director s. murari wasn't available for comment. however, on monday, murari said the mining lease would automatically be renewed if nothing adverse is heard or till a direction from the government is issued. murari had claimed that according to the mines act, the old agreement would continue, unless the government decides otherwise. till late on tuesday night, the company had not got any communication from the government. walkout in assembly: meanwhile, five bjp members representing the coastal region, walked out of the assembly on tuesday demanding a statement from chief minister krishna on the mining lease. following media reports of a three-month extension granted by the government to the company, bjp members araga jnanendra and vishweshwar hegde kageri appealed to krishna during zero hour to clarify the state government's position. however, the cm did not respond, while mines and geology minister v. muniyappa said: ``the decision is in the centre's hands. we do not want to say anything till the public interest litigation filed in the supreme court is disposed of.'' unhappy with this, jnanendra, kageri, n. yogesh bhat, prabhakar bangera and s. angara walked out shouting anti-government slogans.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Kudremukh-gets-nod-to-go-ahead-with-mining/articleshow/699000706.cms
