Curfew to be lifted in Hubli today
TNN | Sep 22, 2001, 10.28 PM IST
hubli: life in hubli city which was disrupted following violent incidents for the past one week is slowly returning to normal. the curfew which was imposed from dusk to dawn on saturday will cease on sunday. no untoward incident was reported in the last 24 hours and commercial establishments including banks transacted business on saturday, as day curfew was lifted.
igp, jyotiprakash mirji who is monitoring the situation in hubli said, over 200 persons who were arrested on precautionary measures were released on bail on saturday, by the tahsildar. however, prohibitory orders under section 144 of ipc is likely to be extended till the end of this month, mirji said.
additional director general of police, (law and order), m.d. singh, who had rushed to hubli following violent incidents on saturday last, left for bangalore on saturday morning.
the educational institutions which remained closed will reopen on monday.
minor tensions prevailed in dharwad on friday evening, when some miscreants pelted stones at a jewellery shop in gandhi chowk. the residents of the area, chased away the miscreants.
meanwhile, the transfer of twin cities police commissioner y.r. patil on the very day of home minister's visit to the affected areas in hubli has sent shockwaves in the police circles. it is expected that many heads will roll this time.
though karnataka home minister mallikarjun kharge tried to remain non-committal regarding the failure of police and state intelligence in handling the situation during the 75th birth anniversary of vhp chief ashok singhal, acted swiftly and the marching orders were issued even before the home minister reached bangalore.
while the sangh parivar has welcomed the move of the state government in transferring the police commissioner, it has condemned the statement made by kharge that a particular community was targetted.
it has urged chief minister s.m. krishna to drop labour minister a.m. hindasgeri from the cabinet, as the latter had acted in an ``ineffective'' and ``biased'' manner. the district unit of janata dal (u) has criticised the action of the government in transferring y.r. patil.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Curfew-to-be-lifted-in-Hubli-today/articleshow/1553037015.cms
