Stock brokers embark on nationwide strike
Jul 23, 2001, 02.17 PM IST
new delhi: stock exchanges across the country saw little activity in early trading on monday on account of a nation-wide strike by brokers in protest against market regulator sebi's ban on carry-forward trading. activity was hit at the bombay stock exchange (bse) after a section of the brokers boycotted trade to highlight the issue of dropping volumes following a ban on carry-forward since july 2. less than 40,000 shares were trade in the first 20 minutes. however, institutional brokerages were trading. the one-day token strike by brokers is to oppose the securities and exchange board of india's (sebi) move to ban deferral products, while forcing new trading products and introducing rolling system. carry-forward refers to a facility, which enabled investors to take on bigger positions than they could otherwise afford by buying stocks on credit, and postponing payment. this practice, which accounted for about 90 per cent of the volume, was blamed for a payment crisis in march. there was no transaction on the delhi stock exchange while brokers in jaipur stock exchange abstained from trading. brokers from all over the country had formed an all-india broker's forum, securities industry association of india, last tuesday to protect and promote the intrests of its members. a statement by jaipur stock exchange brokers said that while sebi had discontinued all carry-forward systems, including the 135-year old badla, automated borrowing and lending mechanism (albm), borrowing and lending of security systems (bless) and modified carry forward system (mcfs), no substitute has been provided. derivatives, it said was no substitute for deferral products. over 500 brokers of the calcutta stock exchange downed their shutters to protest the ban on carry forward system. "we have lost the only way of procuring finance following the ban and the cse brokers are the worst sufferers. procurement of finance should be allowed to everybody," cse brokers association member s.k. kaushik said, adding the strike was total. "sebi should re-introduce badla, may be with little more risk management as the ban was imposed on grounds that there was no proper risk management," he said, demanding introduction of an alternative to badla.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/Stock-brokers-embark-on-nationwide-strike/articleshow/1672071826.cms
