Shut schools in Vadodara contradict claims
TNN | Sep 10, 2001, 11.31 PM IST
vadodara: contrary to claims by authorities, a majority of secondary schools in the city remained closed following the strike call given by various teachers' unions in city. the unions on monday decided to continue with the stir till their demands were accepted.
a visit to prominent schools in the city on monday revealed that the schools had remained closed as teachers and principals refrained from joining duty. school officials said the schools reopened in the morning and a section of students came for studies, but classes could not be held due to lack of staff.
an official of the baroda high school, alkapuri, said some students came to school in the morning, but were allowed to go back as there were no teachers. "a prayer meeting was held since they came all the way to school. later, they were allowed to go," he said.
other prestigious schools in city like convent of jesus and mary, rosary and others also could not conduct academic work. students who came to attend classes could be seen playing on the grounds of some of the schools.
senior functionaries of various unions, which have gone on strike, said the list of schools declared open by authorities was deceiving. "it states that the managements of these schools have agreed to keep schools open. however, this does not mean that teachers will automatically start teaching there," said the principal of a prominent school.
the teachers had gathered at kothi building here despite prohibitory orders by the city police. police officials have now asked them to clear the site or face action.
president of the principal's association nikhil desai said the teachers were continuing with the strike. "we are continuing with the agitation programme," he said. a rally of teachers from vadodara zone has been planned in the next couple of days. unions involved with the strike are making attempts to get permission for the same from authorities.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Shut-schools-in-Vadodara-contradict-claims/articleshow/1254281963.cms
