Teachers blink first, call off strike
TNN | Sep 13, 2001, 12.53 AM IST
ahmedabad: looming police arrest under esma and crumbling support in wake of the strict disciplinary measures unleashed by the government, saw the teachers turn tail and announce to unconditionally withdraw the 15-day-old strike on wednesday. the teachers will return to the classrooms on thursday. "we unconditionally withdraw the strike in the interest of our students at large. all teachers will resume their duties from thursday onwards", announced president of the gujarat rajya shaikhanik sankalan samiti keshubhai patel amidst heavy criticism from the teachers after the meeting of key 150 representatives of the samiti members at sarthak bhavan in paldi. the resolution was passed at 10.30 am on wednesday morning, just one and half hours before the 12 noon deadline set by the state government to declare the strike illegal ended. with this, the various college, university and non-teaching staff unions, have also called off their complete education bandh call for thursday, where all educational activities in the state were supposed to come to a grinding halt for one day. the decision to call off the strike evoked sharp criticism from majority of striking teachers and principals who raised hell outside the sarthak bhavan, alleging that the leaders spearheading the strike have compromised on their cause after their vested interests were taken care of. prime issue of concern was the loss of face and also the loss of 15 days' salary - all this with no gains. "the leaders have sold themselves off to the government. with their pockets stuffed, they have now called off the strike", alleged a agitated teacher immediately after the leaders announced their decision. "why did they involve us in this 15-day drama if they were to back off like cowards? not a single demand has been fulfilled, so on what basis have they declared to call off the strike? what face will we show to the society, what was the point for our fight", fumed two lady teachers outside the sarthak bhavan. leaders of the samiti justified the decision to end the strike saying that they were left with no other option. "we could see that the government was not at all interested in resolving our issues. for how long then could we have stretched and harmed our students' education", said patel. patel also said that they were requested by a number of persons and organisations to call off the strike for the sake of students, international secretary of the vhp pravin togadia and the gujarat chamber of commerce and industry among them. union minister of state for heavy industries vallabh kathiria also pressed to end the strike. samiti leaders confessed that they had achieved nothing out of the 15-day long strike. "we accept that we have achieved nothing. but nevertheless, we have shown our strength to the government", said samiti leader and former president of the gujarat rajya acharya sangh naranbhai patel. when questioned about the great opinion divide amongst the samiti members with the teaching fraternity sharply contesting the decision to withdraw, patel said that the rift was an internal matter and will get resolved on its own. "they all are our brothers and sisters. we will sort out the issue amongst ourselves", patel said. curiously, samiti president keshubhai patel appealed to the government to resolve their issues at the earliest. he also urged the government to withdraw all notices of disciplinary action against the school managements and the teachers. "if this is not announced by thursday, i will sit on fast-unto-death", said keshubhai patel.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Teachers-blink-first-call-off-strike/articleshow/434496783.cms
