Handloom weavers in a pall of gloom
TNN | Sep 6, 2001, 01.23 AM IST
hubli: faced with a double-edged sword, the condition of handloom weavers in this region is worse than the worst. if the failure of the karnataka handloom development corporation (khdc) to provide raw materials has rendered them jobless on one side, the severe drought has only compounded their lives on the other. no rains, hence no work. there are about 16,000 families in north karnataka who are reeling under severe distress for the last two months with no work in hand and no other alternative either. on wednesday, the weavers staged a protest demonstration in front of the khdc office demanding the authorities to supply raw materials to the community. the vice-president of the state weavers' association, n.g. malawade, said the weavers have no work to do for the last two months with no raw material reaching them. due to scarce rainfall, they are not in a position to take up any other employment." "when the government announced `food for work' scheme for the farmers, why have the weavers been left out," he questioned. he urged the government to immediately announce a relief package for the weavers' community and demanded a wage of rs 50 per day to the weavers till they are supplied with the raw material. malawade warned the government of intensified agitation, if the authorities failed to take note of their situation. the state weavers' association vice-president termed the shifting of the khdc office to hubli -- which was seen as an attempt to bring about proper decentralisation of power and access to the weaving community -- "a mere eyewash". he said some vested interests in bangalore would retain important decision-making bodies to "call the shots". to this, he pointed the shifting of an important office which was monitoring yarn purchase to bangalore just a few days back. khdc managing director v. manjula, after receiving the memorandum from the protestors, assured that the raw material would reach them within a week. asking the protestors to cooperate with the government, manjula said the government is committed to bail out the weavers and thus, it has increased the khdc fund from rs 6 crore to rs 12 crore.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Handloom-weavers-in-a-pall-of-gloom/articleshow/1675531755.cms
