Order on advocate's bail plea reserved for today
TNN | Aug 9, 2001, 12.30 AM IST
new delhi: a city court has reserved its order for thursday on the bail plea of an advocate accused of participating in the conspiracy to murder phoolan devi. advocate praveen mittal, who is now in judicial custody after his arrest on thursday from roorkee, had moved his bail application before additional sessions judge r l chugh at patiala house courts on wednesday. mittal's bail application was rejected by a metropolitan magistrate when he was produced in the court after his arrest last week. opposing the bail, special public prosecutor s k saxena contended the crime was ``heinous'' in nature as mittal had apprised the killers on the legal aspects of police and court proceedings. this, saxena said, played a crucial role in executing the conspiracy .
saxena alleged mittal, who also provided the weapon to the killers, had ``masterminded'' the plot.
pressing for bail, mittal's lawyers sameer chatrath and surinder anand contended no proper procedure, as required under the law, was followed by the delhi police when he was arrested from roorkee and then brought to delhi.
chatrath said his client cannot be accused of conspiracy as the police has not booked him under section 120-b for conspiracy and the accused is already in judicial custody.
the prosecutor alleged mittal, a practising advocate, used his knowledge of law to create an alibi for the main accused, sher singh rana alias pankaj.
according to him, while rana allegedly shot dead phoolan devi in delhi, someone claiming to be rana had already surrendered in roorkee and gone behind the bars a day before the murder. that person, shravan, was released in roorkee a day after the murder in delhi.
he said mittal had helped in executing the scheme. rana was already out on bail in roorkee on some earlier offence under the excise act. the person who stood as his surety withdrew it a day before the crime in delhi. as a result, shravan, posing to be rana, went inside the roorkee jail and came out when a new surety was furnished a day after the killing was carried out in delhi.
thus on jail records it was ``rana'' who was behind bars in roorkee when the murder took place in delhi, the spp said.
mittal was brought to delhi along with the other accused ^ a party worker keshav chauhan and gun-shop owner amit rathi. rathi's application for the bail will be heard in the court of a metropolitan magistrate on thursday.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Order-on-advocates-bail-plea-reserved-for-today/articleshow/876049580.cms
