Agitating students caned, over 100 hurt
TNN | Sep 28, 2001, 12.16 AM IST
bangalore: all hell broke loose on thursday morning at the university of agricultural sciences (uas) when the police lathi-charged hundreds of students, who were protesting against handing over a part of the campus for the proposed biotechnology park. at least a hundred students, faculty members and non-teaching staff were injured in the police action at uas' gandhi krishik vidya kendra. the vice-chancellor has suspended classes till monday despite jeering by students. police commissioner t. madiyal said prohibitory orders under section 144 of the crpc have been clamped on the campus. the trouble started around 8.30 a.m. when the students gathered outside administrative office demanding that vice-chancellor a.m. krishnappa stall the transfer of 100-acre land for developing the biotech park. agitated students questioned the legality of the handover of land where experiments on several plant species are taking place. a student said, "more than 40 species of eucalyptus, mango and sandalwood trees are grown here for germplasm experiments." when the authorities' assurances did not satisfy them, the students rushed to the spot where trees were being felled. and embraced the trees, reminiscent of sunderlal bahuguna-led chipko movement of the 1970s and 80s that saw a 15-year moratorium on tree-felling. then, the police charged into action, beating up students. in the melee, director (instruction) p.g. chengappa, who was trying to pacify the students, faculty members gracy and savitramma suffered injuries. shashi, a hosteller, was also beaten up. the students who lost their cool started pelting the policemen with stones in a battle that lasted more than three hours. at least nine girl students were thrashed by the police. students alleged that they were chased right into the precincts of library and administrative office during the targeted attack. even those who had holed up inside toilet were not spared. chetan, a student who was running a high temperature, was allegedly dragged and battered. shards, smashed flowerpots and mutilated trees stand witness to the violence. anticipating trouble, the police top brass had called in four platoons of armed police along with six police inspectors, two acps and a dcp. hoysala squads had patrolled the campus since 7.30 p.m. on wednesday. describing the damage to the building and property as "immense", the vice-chancellor said: "we'll take steps to prevent encroachment of land. we are appealing to the government to reconsider the decision." he said the police had been requested to withdraw prohibitory orders "immediately". an emergency board meeting will be convened soon to resolve the land transfer issue, he added. additional commissioner (crime) jyothi prakash mirji and dcp (north) s.k. venugopal, assisted by inspectors, led the charge.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Agitating-students-caned-over-100-hurt/articleshow/1755447644.cms
