Rana's brother remanded to 3-day police custody
TNN | Aug 11, 2001, 11.06 PM IST
new delhi: vijay alias raju, brother of sher singh rana, and the alleged ``main conspirator'' in phoolan devi murder case was arrested from inter-state bus terminus on friday night and remanded to three-days police custody by a city court here on saturday. producing vijay before the patiala house courts duty magistrate swarn kanta mehra, the police said vijay was ``founder of the conspiracy''. he was the man who thought of creating an alternate set of alibis in roorkee for the killers in delhi. police told the court that vijay was accomplice to vicky in two bank robberies, of rs 15 lakh and rs 10 lakh, and the murder of a bank guard. the court also turned down the plea of advocates ^ satyapal singh tomar and ram singh baliyan ^ seeking a security cover for rana who apprehended attack and threat to his life. the magistrate said tihar jail security arrangements were sound enough. sending rana to 14 days judicial custody, the magistrate directed the tihar jail superintendent to ensure proper security arrangements for the accused. rana's lawyers had sought the security cover during transit of the accused between jails and courts. according to police, vijay was the person who first withdrew the surety of rana in an excise case in roorkee and sending one shravan in place of rana behind the bars on july 18. after phoolan devi was murdered in delhi on july 25, vijay then arranged for surety for shravan and had him released. thus on the official jail records ``rana'' remained behind bars in roorkee on the day of crime in delhi. in the same pattern, vijay played the surety ploy to send rajinder behind the bars on july 2 and had him released on july 26. rana, after arrest, had told police that his accomplice was rajinder. whereas rajinder on official jail records was behind the bars on the day of crime. the surety ploy was exposed when police checked the jail records and found that it was dhan prakash alias vicky who shot at phoolan and her guard. the investigating officer alleged the accused made a calculated move to exploit the legal loopholes to undermine the criminal proceedings against him and had ``made a mockery of law''.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Ranas-brother-remanded-to-3-day-police-custody/articleshow/1776273718.cms
