Bellary sees a spate of workers' protests
THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 25, 2001, 10.51 PM IST
bellary: work in post offices across the district was severely affected when employees of the department resorted to strike on wednesday protesting the union government's move to open some public sector undertakings besides downsizing the existing staff strength. class iii, group-d employees, postmen and gramin dak sevaks threw their weight behind the protesting employees in response to a call by the national federation of postal employees. the decision to strike work was taken at a meeting here on july 20. the demands of the postal employees: the government should not privatise the postal services; should stop corporatisation of the organisation; refrain from abolishing vacant posts and should fill up vacancies; should stop downsizing and retrenchment of employees; and stop such amendments to the labour laws which go against the interest of workers. employees' union functionaries m. satish and p. mallikarjuna gowda and dadapeer of gramin dak sevaks led the protest. elsewhere in the town, state government employees staged a dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office protesting government's privatisation policy. the central government employees' association supported the dharna. the striking employees were opposing certain decisions of the government which did not safeguard their interests. some of the decisions concern leave facility and the option to retire voluntarily. they described the decisions as "draconian". the strike was organised by r. thippanna, district unit president of the karnataka state government employees' association, and t. rajareddy, its secretary. doctors' strike on: members of the karnataka state junior doctors' association held a rally urging the government to fulfil their long-pending demands. association district unit president dr rakesh shavi and his deputy sangappa gabi told reporters it was unfortunate the government had not acted on their memoranda, which were submitted to the medical education minister and the vice-chancellor of rajiv gandhi university for health sciences. later, the doctors submitted memoranda to the deputy commissioner and vims director dr jayaramaiah. rally held: at another rally in the town, the government was urged to declare bellary "drought-hit". the rally, organised by the karnataka prantha raitha sangha and karnataka prantha krishi koolikaarara sangha, was addressed by v.s. shivashankar of raitha sangha and h.m. viswanath swamy of koolikaarara sangha. they wanted the government to address the five "most burning problems" immediately. they are: the government must declare bellary district as "drought-prone"; crop loans should be written off; revival of the system through which food grains were distributed as wage for labourers; the government should check migration of famished farmers and labourers from the district; and launching fodder banks on a war-footing. a memorandum listing the demands was submitted to the deputy commissioner.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Bellary-sees-a-spate-of-workers-protests/articleshow/1207664092.cms
