Centre's decision on 'shehjdharis' upset SGPC
CHANDIGARH: The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) and Panthic Morcha leaders are agitated over the Centre’s decision not to disallow 'sehajdharis' from participating in the SGPC elections.
TNN | Aug 25, 2001, 11.15 PM IST
chandigarh: the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) and panthic morcha leaders are agitated over the centre's decision not to disallow 'sehajdharis' from participating in the sgpc elections. while panthic morcha leaders resolved to go on warpath against it and threatened to disrupt the election process, the sgpc said it would build public opinion against it so that the non-sikhs did not take advantage of it to enrol themselves as voters. both the sgpc and morcha leaders had submitted a joint memorandum to the gurdwara election commission last week demanding amendment to the all-india sikh gurdwara act, 1925, to debar sehajdharis from becoming sgpc voters. according to sources, justice (retd) harbans singh, chief commissioner, later apprised the union home ministry of the memorandum and sought its opinion on it. it is after the centre overruled the suggestion mooted in the memorandum that the commission announced to go ahead with the election process. at a workers' meeting, in ludhiana, on saturday, panthic leaders took exception to the centre's decision to ignore their plea. senior panthic leader manjit singh calcutta said state-wide protest would be launched against the centre including staging of dharnas. while suggesting that the morcha might not move court as suggested by former sgpc president gurcharan singh tohra earlier, he said it might lead to law and order problem if the commission still carried on with the election process. "how could we allow non-sikhs to register themselves as voters and subvert the election process", he added. sgpc general secretary kiranjot kaur said the matter would be taken up for discussion to decide the subsequent course of action. she said the sgpc would ensure to bring about awakening among the sikhs, who must watch that the provision of sehajdharis becoming voters was not exploited by people with vested interests. morcha leaders, at the conference, blamed chief minister parkash singh badal for compromising the interests of punjab on the river water issue. more than 1,000 workers coming from various factions of the morcha participated in the conference. this was the first state-level meeting of the morcha ever since it came into being early this month.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/Centres-decision-on-shehjdharis-upset-SGPC/articleshow/30365224.cms
