65 held, Peenya riot to be probed
THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 25, 2001, 11.31 PM IST
bangalore: the karnataka government will order an inquiry to ascertain whether anti-social elements were involved in tuesday's violence at the peenya industrial estate that left hundreds of people injured. making statements in both houses of the legislature on wednesday, home minister mallikarjun m. kharge said bangalore police commissioner t. madiyal had been asked to inquire and submit report to the government at the earliest. the decision comes in the wake of allegations by the opposition that anti-social elements were involved in the violence, as more than 80 per cent of the workers were women and that women would not resort to burning down vehicles. in the council, kharge said 65 people have been arrested and added that the police have been asked to study the antecedents of labour union leaders involved in tuesday's violence. denying police intelligence failure, kharge said: ``it was a spontaneous agitation. hence, prior police bandobust was not made. but the police swung into action and there were adequate police on the spot.'' defending police action, the minister said: ``the police exercised restraint as a large number of women were present. they persuaded the agitators not to resort to violence. but when the workers took law into their hands, the police had to control them. in the process, 25-30 policemen were injured.'' earlier in the day, the opposition rapped the government for inept handling of the situation and intelligence failure. kharge shot back: ``the same opposition members would have raised a hue and cry if the police resorted to firing.'' labour minister a.m. hindasgeri said the provident fund commissioner denied any move to honour pf claims only after the employees turn 45. ``i issued a press statement and spoke over doordarshan to scotch the rumour.'' r. ashok (bjp) held the government responsible for the burning of vehicles and looting of small shops in and around peenya. he alleged that from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., the police remained silent spectators. jd(u) floor leader p.g.r. sindhia blamed the government for the failure of its law and order machinery and wanted to know whether adequate steps had been taken to protect central government offices. he criticised the government for disallowing a delegation of protesters to meet the chief minister at vidhana soudha.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/65-held-Peenya-riot-to-be-probed/articleshow/642812827.cms
