Vokkaliga rally gives Lakshmi's case a political turn
TNN | Aug 14, 2001, 10.51 PM IST
mysore: the death of lakshmi, a 12 year old housemaid, and the incidents following it are slowly taking on a political hue, with the local vokkaliga organisations taking out a procession in support of the city police and trying to make it a community issue. members of organisations such as vokkaligara hita rakshana samiti, sarvodaya yuvaka sangha and vokkaliga jagrutha vedike, who took out a procession on tuesday defended police action and stood solidly behind the city police commissioner. leaders of these organisations, who addressed members at the deputy commissioner's office before submitting a memorandum, said the organisations which have taken up the lakshmi issue are trying to tarnish the image of police commissioner chandrashekar, who belongs to the vokkaliga community. the leaders, apart from criticising ngos working against child labour and sex workers in the city, also lambasted writer ramdas and used choice epithets against him. "ngo leaders and ramdas are intolerant of chandrashekar's good work in the city and have taken up the lakshmi issue to get him transferred," the leaders alleged. they said these elements were behind the protest march organised by the ngos against the police on august 7. bjp mla shankerlingegowda, who also addressed the youth at krishnarajendra circle, gave a clean chit to the police officers. though the organisers denied they were being instigated to take out the march in support of the police, it is rumoured that officers responsible for beating up the ngo leaders and ramdas have propped up the local vokkaliga youth to organise the march. however, the ngos and former mayor narayan, who was also beaten up by the police on august 7 when they took lakshmi's body in a procession demanding action against the house owner, denied they had anything against any individual police officer in the city. lakshmi's employer is a close relative of a city police officer and an influential person. "we are concerned about action against people responsible for the death of lakshmi and arrest of the culprits, besides suitable financial relief to lakshmi's stepmother under whose care the former was left after the death of her parents," narayan said, clarifying that they had never demanded the transfer of the city police commissioner. "we only demanded action against the police officers who roughed up ngo leaders and writer ramdas." "politicising and giving a communal colour to lakshmi's death and the incidents following it should be condemned," he added.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Vokkaliga-rally-gives-Lakshmis-case-a-political-turn/articleshow/371182086.cms
