Strike was broken through reason, threats
Shubhajit Roy
NEW DELHI: Tuesday’s strike was in sharp contrast to earlier ones on the conversion issue. Declared a partial success — transport minister Parvez Hashmi insisted that conditions were near normal — the division in the ranks of transport unions ensured that commuters were not harassed.
| TIMES INTERNET NETWORK | Aug 29, 2001, 01.04 AM IST
new delhi: tuesday's strike was in sharp contrast to earlier ones on the conversion issue. declared a partial success — transport minister parvez hashmi insisted that conditions were near normal — the division in the ranks of transport unions ensured that commuters were not harassed. so how exactly was the strike broken? jaswant singh arora, chief of federation of transport union congress, which had opposed the strike, told the times of india: ''it was a well-planned move, executed with picture-perfect precision.'' he admitted, however, that owners of contract buses, autorickshaws and taxis stayed off the roads as they were afraid of being attacked. sources said efforts to derail tuesday's stir started just 48 hours before the strike. divided into small groups, the non-striking transporters went around the city to convince others about the futility of the stir. said arora,''the strike was a political move by the bjp. we had to try really hard to convince the operators that the concept of ordinance was a complete hoax.'' ''as long as parliament is in session, the issue of an ordinance is out of the question. the president can issue an ordinance only after august 30,'' said jatinder mudgil, president of the all-india cng bus operators association. ''we also had to explain to the transporters that the decision to issue an ordinance allowing low sulphur diesel has to be taken by the union cabinet. and the centre will not issue an ordinance when the matter is sub judice. the union government would never fall in direct confrontation with the apex court,'' arora said. the most vital move by the strike- breakers was to ask the operators to join madan lal khurana and sahib singh at their meetings on monday. and to give the final push, the transport minister, assisted by the dtc chairman, warned of termination of permits of those vehicles which would not ply. consequently, the buses which plied under dtc's kilometre scheme came out onto the roads.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Strike-was-broken-through-reason-threats/articleshow/1397551946.cms
