Celebrating Teachers' Day sans teachers
TNN | Sep 6, 2001, 12.42 AM IST
vadodara/ahmedabad: dr sarvapalli radhakrishnan would probably be frowning down from heaven on his birthday. it is not everyday that the very teachers in whose honour the teachers' day is celebrated should announce that they would observe it as 'black day'. with the striking secondary and higher secondary teachers across 5,500 schools in the state refusing to relent and return to the class-rooms even on this day, the teachers' day on wednesday is all set to be a big disappointment. no school, no fun of stepping into teachers' shoes, and no opportunity to bestow teachers' day cards and flowers on the favourite teachers. "the number of students buying teachers' day cards has dropped by almost 80 per cent this year. but then, if teachers decide to turn their backs on the school and students on this day, who will the students buy cards for?" offers biren patel, who runs a card shop on cg road in ahmedabad. the students could not agree more. "it is very disappointing that teachers have chosen to stick with their strike and spoil the fun," rues a class vii student of ag teacher's high school, who had been looking forward to teaching his juniors. "couldn't the teachers have call off their strike for a day. after all, it is also a matter of their showing respect to the teaching fraternity," questions a class xi student of st xavier's loyola hall, in ahmedabad. in vadodara, a massive rally of teachers has been organised on wednesday to protest against the state government's non-implementation of promises made in a compromise reached in 1998. the baroda university teachers' association has organised a seminar on several issues affecting the members. the vadodara district teachers' association president nn desai said the rally would start at nazarbaug, and move on towards mandvi, gandhi nagar gruh, to end at kothi where a special dharna has been organised. women in white saris would present a memorandum to the district collector. meanwhile, the all india federation of university and college teachers organisation (aifucto) has planned to observe the day as save education day. the seminar organised by buta would be organised on september 5 at 4 pm in the seminar room, department of geology, faculty of science, m s university. meanwhile, in his teachers' day message on tuesday, governor sundar singh bhandari appealed to all teachers to set an example by imparting education and cultural values to students on september 5. "it is their moral responsibility to preserve the heritage of knowledge and culture for the benefit of reform and prosperity of the nation," he said. but the gujarat rajya shaikshanik sankalan samiti has different plans, what with it deciding to pursue its own agenda. "the teachers' day will be observed as black day across the state, and we will hold demonstrations against all state-government functions held to mark the day," said president of the samiti keshubhai patel. at the special receiving end of the teachers' ire will be the teachers' day programme at gandhinagar, as also the 'best teacher' award presentation function in the city. while school managements insist that the teachers' day will be observed with all fervour in primary sections, they confess that the striking teachers have subverted the relevance of the day. "it is an insult that even on the teachers' day, teachers have continued with the bandh. it reflects very poorly on the teaching fraternity," felt principal of a renowned school. teachers, on their part, defended the strike. "we feel bad that probably for the first time, teachers will be absent on teachers' day. but then students and the society should understand that we, too, are a part of the society, and have our basic demands that should be met," said narendra pandya. pandya is an english teacher at republic high school and had recently received the excellent young educator award.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Celebrating-Teachers-Day-sans-teachers/articleshow/563149323.cms
