Suicide now a costly proposition
TNN | Sep 29, 2001, 02.05 AM IST
ganganagar:while the spiralling suicide rate (between 150-200 per year) in this dusty district situated on the punjab, haryana pakistan border, was once indicative of social ills now any reason is good enough to issue threat to commit end one's life. anything from police inaction, a demand for bribe by an official, a transfer to a far away place, inadequate canal water, demand for removal of encroachment or even garbage is good reason to threaten public "self-immolation." last week the police was searching for umesh, son of an independent councilor the town, subdhara garg, who threatened self-immolation after the police failed to trace mother, who was allegedly kidnapped by some congress leaders of the area. each time there is a threat, the district administration goes into overdrive, for the adage that those who threaten don't does not work here.there are a number of instances of persons who first issued threats appearing in front the district administration building and setting themselves ablaze. it was a lesson the administration learnt the hard way in july 1998, when laxman khichi, a bjp municipal councillor, immolated himself in front of a large crowd after his threat of removal of encroachments or 'else' was ignored. the then bjp government ended up paying the price for this at the polls as the suicide by its councillor became a potent issue against it. according to rp singh, the district police in charge, the district police have received over 150 suicide threats during the past two years. since a full address is seldom given locating the potential suicidee is difficult. when they do trace the person they bind him by a magisterial order and even send people in to preventive custody. but the police has devised a way to hit back. "as the police have to put in a lot of energy and time to locate a trouble maker, it has now started imposing a fine on those who issue a threat of suicide", says rp singh. last month the police sent bills of rs 63,000 each to two persons, het ram and chhagan lal of karandwala village.the amount of rs 63,000 included one day salary of 80 police constables who were deployed near the district administration complex to thwart any attempt of self-immolation, fuel expenses for 10 days of the vehicle used to trace the duo and one day salary of an asp. rp singh told the times of india that the imposition of a fine should help to check the tendency. interestingly the suicide phenomenon is crossing borders into adjoining districts.there have been instances of the district administration in ferozepur receiving self-immolation threats. after the district police failed to trace his minor daughter and arrest the man accused in her kidnapping, har singh, a resident of guru har sahai town of the district, issued a threat of self-immolation on september 26 to be implemented in front of the district collectors office on october 10. he claimed the police was reluctant to initiate any action against the accused because of pressure from a punjab cabinet minister even though the punjab and haryana high court has directed the police to register a case of kidnapping against the accused.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/Suicide-now-a-costly-proposition/articleshow/1274338300.cms
