Amarsinh who? Congress what?
| THE TIMES OF INDIA NEWS SERVICE | Jul 14, 2001, 01.50 AM IST
ahmedabad: has the congress in gujarat all but withered away? if you are surprised to hear the question, consider the following facts. early this week came the curious revelation that the son of the state's forest minister had been booked by none other than the forest department for his alleged hand in illegal felling and transportation of forest produce. both the father and the son have, of course, denied the charges and claimed the latter has been framed. it is quite possible that the son may be innocent, but the matter is still under examination. in the meanwhile you would have expected the major opposition party to create a furore. after all, matters like this do not surface every other day. but all we have heard was a whimper from state congress president amarsinh chaudhary. he said somewhere that the forest minister must go. nothing more. of course, chaudhary cannot be expected to raise a hue and cry on this matter; he was himself alleged to have been involved in a similar case a few years ago. but what about other state congress leaders? in the week following the unveiling of the tehelka tapes, a senior bjp mp told this correspondent rather contemptuously: "these congress chaps are absolutely useless. if we were in their place you would have seen the way we unleashed our campaign." he was talking of congressmen in gujarat who were making an apology of an attempt to embarrass the government. the same was the case when the madhavpura scam broke out. but try telling congress leaders of the state that they look like a passenger train destined for nowhere, and you will probably provoke violent reactions similar to what principals of ahmedabad colleges got from nsui activists on thursday. for the record, the nsui is student wing of the congress. ever since the congress captured power in the panchayat elections last year, party leaders have been on cloud nine. it is a foregone conclusion that we will come to power with a thumping majority in the next assembly election, is what congress men have been asserting since then. the keshubhai government is so corrupt and everybody is so fed up with them that nobody will vote for the bjp, they aver. but is this something that is so certain? performance-wise keshubhai has little to write home about. neither is the government expected to qualitatively improve its performance over the remaining period of its life. but elections are not fought on performance alone. if your competitor looks worse than you, then chances are that you might be voted back, whatever be your performance. ask the left front in calcutta and they might reveal how replacing jyoti basu with buddhadeb bhattacharya a few months before the election gave the lf a brand new image, one which shone compared with the rabble-rousing mamata banerjee. the congress could well be hurt the most by party worthy shankersinh vaghela. a former rss man, the highly-ambitious vaghela has never had full acceptability in the congress. and if the grapevine is to be believed, he is feeling restive ever since amarsinh was anointed the state party boss. there is nothing more that vaghela the former chief minister can expect from the party. it is possible that he might leave the party and form a third front. that could well be the last nail in the coffin of gujarat congress.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Amarsinh-who-Congress-what/articleshow/1746346645.cms
