Vyas demands action against Medha, Roy
TNN | Aug 6, 2001, 11.51 PM IST
ahmedabad: reacting sharply to the demonstrations by arundhati roy and medha patkar daring the supreme court to take action, narmada samarthan convenor jay narayan vyas has pleaded for stern action against this group. in a strongly-worded letter addressed to the chief justice of india, vyas has indicated that the demonstration made by arundhati roy and her colleagues openly defying the supreme court's observations and even challenging the authority of the apex court "has now exposed their real face and ideology, removing the mask under which they were covered." castigating this demonstration as a contempt of the supreme court, vyas has further observed that this is not only a defiance and insult of apex court but also a challenge to the constitutionally-appointed authority showing sheer contempt towards the democratic process and the most important institution _ the judiciary. vyas said these are the same people who, till it suits them, would beg before the supreme court for justice, but the moment the situation develops exposing their real intentions they will turn around 180 degrees and go to the extent of daring the apex court. "whatever the intentions, whatever may be the cause, the buck has to stop somewhere," he said. he has appealed to the chief justice that these people, who are out to exploit magnanimity of the supreme court and want to go ahead undeterred with their plans, must be checked. he has requested to the chief justice that such people, who do not care for democratic process or the well-established judicial system in the country, may be restrained from approaching judicial or quasi-judicial authorities as they themselves have shown defiance towards the system of administration of justice. vyas said, "they have already lost their battle in the national and international fora. the popular opinion was turning against them and they are being chased out by the people from even their most safe strongholds. i think now they are resorting to these kind of stunts for the sake of publicity."
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Vyas-demands-action-against-Medha-Roy/articleshow/462875747.cms
