DU students union seeks poll deferment due to strike
TNN | Aug 23, 2001, 01.59 AM IST
new delhi: results, marksheets, identity cards, submission of admission fees, issuance of bus passes. all these activities have ground to a halt at the delhi university to a halt due to the on-going strike of its non-teaching staff. even library access in many colleges has been affected.
add to it the paralysing effect on mess facilities in hostels and the deserted science laboratories, and the troubles of students make a long list.
the staff are on strike till friday after which they will review their decision, du karamchari union members said. ``we may also sit on a fast unto death next week if the issue remains unresolved,'' ducku president suresh yadav said. the strike entered its 15th day on wednesday. ducku is demanding implementation of a promotional scheme among other things.
interestingly, the du students union has written a letter to the vice-chancellor requesting him to defer the student polls. ``i-cards have not been issued to a majority of the students. this will affect the electoral process,'' national students union of india spokesperson rishabh jha said. the du students union is supporting the non-teaching staff in their agitation.
some colleges are managing the bare minimum functions with daily wagers. the staff union held talks with the university authorities last friday but no conclusive result seems to have emerged from it. the authorities are said to have assured the karamcharis that they are making efforts to resolve the issue with the union hrd ministry.
``our result was declared early in august but till now we have not been able to get our marksheets,'' said shipra yadav, a third-year journalism student of kalindi college. worst affected are the students who want to take admission in ma programmes. ``our admission has been stalled because we have not been able to get the marksheet,'' a student of the same college, who has applied for ma political science, said.
many students have not been able to renew their bus passes. ``we are spending much more on commuting,'' a gargi college student complained.
science students have also not been able to attend practical classes for the past two weeks due to absence of laboratory attendants. the science faculty had also issued an appeal to the staff to return to work. issue raised in lok sabha the issue of frequent strikes affecting educational activities in delhi and other central universities was recently raised in the lok sabha. union hrd minister murli manohar joshi said university employees generally go on strike in the beginning of the academic session, particularly at the time of admissions, and before the commencement of examinations. the duration of such strikes can vary from one to two weeks and in extreme cases upto three weeks, the minister said. the demands range from filling up of vacant posts, compassionate appointments over and above the prescribed quota, regularisation of daily wage staff and upward revision of pay-scales among other things.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/DU-students-union-seeks-poll-deferment-due-to-strike/articleshow/1820049741.cms
