Six-year-old girl raped, murdered
TNN | Aug 24, 2001, 12.11 AM IST
surat: a six-year-old girl was raped and murdered by an unidentified person near sachin on wednesday. the girl had been missing since tuesday evening; she was found dead in an isolated area near sachin gidc. police said the girl lived with her widowed mother, and had gone out to play on tuesday evening. she had been missing since then. a case has been registered and investigations are on, police said. sonia to address farmers' rally on sept 1 surat: all india congress committee president sonia gandhi will address the annual 'khedut stayagrah' rally at dharampur, about 100 km from surat, on september 1. according to veteran freedom fighter hakumat desai, who will preside over the meeting, the rally gains significance in view of the pardi annakhed satyagrah's significant role in the freedom struggle, which was on par with the bardoli satyagrah. he said very few people, today, were aware of the movement's contribution to the freedom struggle. gujarat pradesh committee president amarsinh chaudhary, too, confirmed sonia gandhi's visit to dharampur. this will be sonia's third visit to the region, the last being in january 1999 following the communal upheaval in the dangs. c-dot exchange was commissioned at bajipura surat: a 512-line c-dot exchange has been commissioned at bajipura. according to a press note, the exchange, which is connected to the network of the telecom, will provide detailed billing to customers. those who are keen to have a second telephone connection can have the same against a token amount of re 1. smc fines residents for littering surat: surat municipal corporation (smc) officials imposed fines amounting to rs 4,850 on more than 60 people in varchha zone for dumping in the area. under the cleanliness drive, the corporation has penalised hundreds of offenders, smc sources said.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Six-year-old-girl-raped-murdered/articleshow/1955004991.cms
