11 SIMI activists held in city
TNN | Oct 1, 2001, 11.03 PM IST
ahmedabad: eleven activists of the students' islamic movement of india (simi), including asif mustafa husain shaikh, who is reportedly the city unit president, were arrested on sunday morning for staging a demonstration at ahmad shah mosque near victoria garden. those arrested include four activists from surat, one from anand and the rest from ahmedabad, deputy commissioner of police (zone ii) sp rajkumar told tnn. the activists were protesting against us's campaign against osama bin laden, and the ban on simi around noon at the old mosque. they were also raising slogans celebrating simi, police sources said. meanwhile, shahpur police seized some documents and a hard disc from classic offset, in noor complex, on saturday. this is where simi published its material. the police are now getting the material translated since it is all in urdu. when the police raided the press, its owner, yasin patel, had already slip away. incidentally, some materials had references to the taliban and the destruction of the amiyan buddha, "but we have yet to confirm whether these are provocative and inflammatory", a senior police official said. asif shaikh, who is based in dariapur, is already booked for five other cases at the jamalpur, karanj and shahpur police stations. besides shaikh, the demonstrators arrested include javed akhtar shaikh (surat), mohammad iqbal jamalbhai , mohammad salim (surat), mohammad ali abdul chhipa (anand), ilias ahmed gulamnabi shaikh, imtiaz noormohammad (surat), mohammad iftekhar, mohammad irfan rahim shaikh, abdul raiz and shaikh mohammad (surat). police inspector kv patel of karanj police station told tnn that the activists were accused of inciting communal passions and were then booked for rioting since they clashed with the police. inflammatory hand-outs criticising the government for the ban and the us's making laden a target were also distributed in the meeting. the hand-outs urged the minorities to support their action to pressure the authorities to lift the ban on simi. the activists were booked under section 13 of the unlawful activities (prevention) act, 1967, and for rioting. earlier in kutch, five persons were picked up by the police on similar grounds as preventive action, which takes the total persons in custody in the state since the ban to 19. the loktantrik samajwadi party has criticised the ban saying that "since the government had no other agenda, they were trying to intimidate the muslims by such decisions". demanding a similar ban on bajrang dal, vishwa hindu parishad and rss, the lsp threatened to launch an agitation from october 2 if the government failed to meet their demand of sealing the offices of these organisations and arresting them under the national security act, the regional president narendra sankhaliya said. in a separate press release, the jamaat-e-islami hind alleged that the ban was "politically motivated and calculated to polarise the people on communal lines on the eve of the coming assembly elections in uttar pradesh". the jih also called upon simi to defend itself with political and legal means and appealed to the muslims to exercise patience and restrain.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/11-SIMI-activists-held-in-city/articleshow/298322426.cms
