Payment seats decision back to MSU syndicate for rethink
TNN | Aug 7, 2001, 11.48 PM IST
vadodara: ms university authorities on tuesday decided to reconsider the payment seats decision, following a heated debate on the subject at msu senate meeting. the meeting was adjourned for the day with several senate members vociferously demanding that the scheme be revoked, and an alternative source of funding for accommodating more students be found. accordingly, a special syndicate meeting has been called at 11 am on wednesday to discuss the payment seats issue and work out a solution. later, the senate meeting will be organised at 2 pm and a final solution to the scheme arrived at. leading the anti-payments scheme lobby during the tuesday's senate meeting, narendra tiwari said the scheme was not fair on students as msu has an overall fund of rs 7.35 crore in various forms, such as the diamond and silver jubilee funds. he said the university has collected rs 50 lakh as development charge. "all these can be used to overcome the current problem and the entire batch of students who have applied should be accommodated," he said. significantly several senate members who supported the payments scheme earlier were conspicuous by their absence in the meeting called on tuesday. those who were present felt that as the scheme seemed to have invited opposition from the public, a rethink should be considered. after the meeting was adjourned senate member cassim unia said, "though a rethink is necessary, some sort of payments scheme would be necessary. without money, the msu cannot impart quality education to the large number of students. we have to think of an alternative. one of these could be increasing the over all fee structure of the entire university," he said. he said those who are opposing the payments scheme should give suggestions to resolve the matter. "the use of the golden jubilee and other funds for accommodating more students is not a practical solution," he said. speaking during the meeting msu students' union general secretary bharat dangar said the university authorities had given agitating students the short shrift. the students had maintained utmost calm and patience during the agitation. he said the authorities had initiated police action against them and treated them as criminals. "we did not in any way tarnish the image of the university. we merely expressed our opposition to the scheme and did not resort to any violence. but many of our students were mistreated by the police and there were more police in the campus than students during our agitation," he said. meanwhile, members of the all india democratic student's organisation and several other students organisations, including saket- the friends society, demonstrated outside the university office, requesting senate members to support their demand to scrap the payments scheme in the msu faculty of commerce. msu students' union vice-president parth joshi said they were happy that the payments scheme issue had been referred back to the syndicate. "we appreciate the senate for backing us on this issue," he said.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Payment-seats-decision-back-to-MSU-syndicate-for-rethink/articleshow/502367852.cms
