Priests among 7 shot dead in Kashmir
JAMMU:In a major strike, the militants beheaded two Hindu priests after kidnapping them from a temple and shot dead five members of a Muslim trader’s family Tuesday morning in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir, official sources said here.
TNN | Aug 29, 2001, 03.39 AM IST
jammu:in a major strike, the militants beheaded two hindu priests after kidnapping them from a temple and shot dead five members of a muslim trader's family tuesday morning in poonch district of jammu and kashmir, official sources said here. as tension gripped the area, the authorities imposed an indefinite curfew on poonch and surankot to guard against possible outbreak of communal violence. a group of unidentified militants abducted priests narotam dass and baba devi dass from kali mata temple near dhundhak bridge on surankot-poonch road monday night and beheaded them. the bodies of the priests were recovered by the police near the temple.at the same spot where the priests were slain, the security forces found a fruit box, which contained an improvised explosive device (ied) with a 10 kg rdx charge. army vehicles frequently move along the road and the ied might have caused serious damage if remotely exploded, timing it for a passing convoy. in a separate attack, the militants stormed the house of basharat shah, a shopkeeper, in surankot area and shot dead his father, mother, wife and two children in the age-group of one and three years, the sources said. shah was not present in the house at the time of the attack. in another strike in surankot tehsil on monday night, the militants killed the numbardar and another person in parmot village. both were muslims and said to have been slain on the suspicion of being informers of the security forces. priest narotam dass, well-versed in palmistry and astrology, had a large following in the area as people of both the communities used to visit him and seek his blessings. baba devi dass, priest of lakshami narayan temple in sunderbani area of rajouri district, had halted in the temple for the night on his way to budha amarnath temple in mandi area of poonch district. in a concerted move to build up tension along the borders, regular pakistani soldiers attempted to capture a forward indian post in the gambhir sector of rajouri district. the pakistanis also resorted to heavy firing and shelling in the nowshera sector of rajouri and the digwar sector of poonch. in the gambhir commando attack by the pakistani soldiers, which was repulsed, three pakistani soldiers were killed and two injured.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/Priests-among-7-shot-dead-in-Kashmir/articleshow/1901234324.cms
