7 militants among 11 killed
Sep 28, 2001, 01.03 AM IST
srinagar: seven militants and a security jawan were among eleven people killed and 17 others injured in jammu and kashmir, even as ultras set on fire houses of three special police officers (spos) in the past 24 hours. an official spokesman said militants hurled a hand grenade at a border security force bunker at rainawari on tuesday evening. however, the grenade missed the target and exploded nearby injuring two jawans and nine civilians. some nearby shops were also damaged, he added. at least four people were injured when a grenade lobbed by militants on security forces missed the target and exploded on the roadside at zaldagar in downtown city,thursday afternoon. meanwhile, security forces gunned down one militant each at thandusa lolab,waripora magam and gund-i-zuna reshi in their overnight operations. three ak rifles, one wireless set, ten magazines, three grenades and about 100 rounds of ammunition were recovered from the slain militants.two girls were also injured in lolab encounter. militants shot dead an alleged informer mir hamza at chatti bandipora late wednesday night. another group attacked the house of a counter-insurgent in north kashmir in which one spo was injured. in another encounter between militants and security forces at banderpora kalanwan village in south kashmir on thursday morning a hizbul mujahideen militant was killed. one ak rifle, one wireless set, five grenades and a magazine was recovered from the site. another militant was killed near the line of actual control in kani behak kacdh hama area while trying to cross over to pakistan occupied kashmir on wednesday night. two militants were killed in return fire by security forces at gambir mughian in manjakote sector of rajouri district on thursday morning when a search party was fired upon by militants.a security force jawan and a porter were also killed in the clash.a large cache of arms and ammunition were recovered near the site of encounter. militants also abducted and later killed mir mohammad at banihal, and set on fire houses of three spos at khadiwali in rajouri district in the wee hours of thursday. (uni)
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/7-militants-among-11-killed/articleshow/57528621.cms
