Police, NGOs differ on lathicharge
| TNN | Aug 10, 2001, 10.02 PM IST
mysore: a mudslinging campaign is on over lathicharge and arrest of members of voluntary organisations, with rival groups accusing each other of behaving indecently. the police had intervened in a protest taken out by ngos last tuesday, even taking into custody two of the leaders. the protest was over the mysterious death of a maid servant in the city. according to the police, abusive language against city police commissioner chandrashekar by agitators provoked the lathicharge. ngo leaders, however, contended it was a peaceful gathering. the police officers told the times of india, the ``indecent behaviour'' of a section of agitators with the police commissioner, made the subordinates resort to lathicharge. ``no police officer will keep quiet when somebody abuses his senior,'' said a senior officer. language used by the group was ``filthy and intolerable''. but the ngo leaders denied the allegation. ``there was no provocation from agitators as many were women. the police officers beat them without any reason,'' says former mayor narayan. ``if the things happening to agitators is any indication, it appears the police planned the attack. i suspect a conspiracy behind the attack on ramdas, who is respected by many in the city,'' an ngo leader said. the police department's refusal to arrest the landlord who employed lakshmi, an orphan girl, and file a case against him, has made people suspect their action against agitators. lakshmi died under mysterious circumstances. ngo leaders' argument that the police want to shield the accused seems to hold water as anand has not been arrested even six days after the incident. state education and district incharge minister h. vishwanath on thursday said the police cannot arrest lakshmi's employer without an inquiry. ``can the police book a murder case against a person on mere ground that a complaint has been filed against him,'' he asked. ``first, the police will ascertain facts before arresting anybody.'' ``let us first find out whether there is any violation of law by protesters. if not, we should find out whether police committed any excesses on them (agitators),'' he said, urging the people not to politicise the issue. the minister said, he would urge chief minister s.m. krishna to appoint an independent officer to ascertain the truth about tuesday's incident of violence on processionists.
url : https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/Police-NGOs-differ-on-lathicharge/articleshow/824454552.cms
